microsoft is calling it the biggest
shift in computing since it gave up dos
commands and went to graphics that means
no more mice no more keyboards it's all
hands on King finds glen farley tonight
with the latest in technology see this
really shows you how realistic
technology can be you can play in the
water without getting wet no yes if you
ever put together a jigsaw puzzle when
the picture was actually moving we
absolutely see surfaces right becoming
smart whether it's in your countertop or
whether it's a free-standing coffee
table a kitchen table or on the wall it
will do multi-touch microsoft corporate
vp tom gibbons gives us the interactive
tour it's called surface computing and
you can do it without the interface of a
mouse so do object recognition how about
ordering something off of virtual
restaurant menu so we go into this
restaurant yeah and I can just take
stuff here and I can drag it in and when
it comes time to pay just lay down your
credit card divvy up the bill add in the
tip and leave under the screen our
cameras that can actually see what
you're touching and then the computer
reacts creating an image there you go
and again we just put it down here and
it spills out photos not a prompt see
it's like they're magically drawn out of
your digital camera into the box
wirelessly of course so now you can grab
photos and I grab photos and we can bit
bigger or smaller white table in this
case in this case it is and so we've
used those different attributes of
surface computing in this application to
create a totally different kind of
experience if you've got video you want
running you can actually wait a video
the first of these units will go into
bars restaurants casinos and retail
stores but when can you get one for your
home we are shooting for around three to
four years a price tag within a whole
budget in redmond glen farley King 5
news right now commercial units are
expected to sell between five and ten
thousand dollars you should start seeing
them in bars and restaurants in November